Tayartak Airlines is a flights reservation website to make life easier using MERN stack. Each one of our team participated in the front and back end of this project so that each will learn the different aspects of MERN. 

Michael George 46-1728 : 1.The system should allow the Administrator to search through all existing flights using search criteria including flight number, departure and arrival times, dates and airport terminals. 2.The system should show the Administrator a list of all the available flights without any search criteria. 3.Designed the UI Components which we all used 3. Creating all seats components & handling all seat information across components and the database.

Nerimane Mohamed 46-3346 : 1.The system should allow the Administrator to delete any selected flights and all their details upon confirmation. 2.The system should promt the Administrator if they are sure they want to delete the flight and all its details (to confirm the deletion). 3.The system should update the flight schedule should any changes be made by the Administrator to any of the flights.4. itinerary 5.payment 6.My reservations

Mohamed Sherif 46-12029 : 1.The system should have an already existing user called Administrator. 2.The system should allow the Administrator to create flights including all flight details such as flight number, departure and arrival times, dates, number of Economy seats, number of Business class seats, and airport. 3. All components of book trip 4.User sign in / log in and the authentication 5. home page 

Linah Hossam 46-3075 : 1.The system should allow the Administrator to update (edit) any selected flight and its details including flight number, departure and arrival times, number of available Economy seats, number of Business Class seats, dates and airports. 2.The system should update the flight schedule should any changes be made by the Administrator to any of the flights.3 sending tickets to user by mail 4.canceling a reservation 5. Editing a reservation

-The schema was designed by all of us , to be updated or edited as we go along the project. -The database was edited to make it more user friendly , instead of having 3 documents for the same flight but different class seats , 3 columns were added for each class to have 1 document per flight.Also a column for flight number was added to make the CRUD operations more realistic.
